Ashton Kutcher Enjoys Rare Father-Son Night Out With Dimitri, 8, at WWE ‘Monday Night Raw’

Ashton Kutcher Steps Out With Son Dimitri at WWE Monday Night Raw
Ashton Kutcher with son Dimitri. WWE/Getty Images
Ashton Kutcher and his 8-year-old son, Dimitri don’t just look alike — they also share a love of wrestling.

In a rare public outing together, the father-son duo stepped out to watch the WWE’s Monday Night Raw at the Intuit Dome on Monday, January 6, in Inglewood, California. The pair smiled as they cheered on the athletes together. (Kutcher, 46, shares Dimitri and daughter Wyatt, 10, with his wife, Mila Kunis.)

Kutcher kept things chill, sporting a University of Iowa Hawkeyes T-shirt and baseball hat, which Dimitri matched with his own Hawkeyes jersey and a black hoodie. (Kutcher hails from the midwestern state.)

Kutcher and Dimitri aren’t the only members of their family who are sports fans. Back in May 2024, Kutcher and Kunis, 41, made a rare public appearance with both of their kids to watch WNBA star Caitlin Clark and the Indiana Fever take on the Los Angeles Sparks.

Mila Kunis' and Ashton Kutcher's Funniest Parenting Quotes
Related: Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher's Most Relatable Parenting Quotes Over the Years
After the Fever defeated the Sparks with a score of 78-73, the couple brought their kids onto the court to snap a pic with Clark, 22. In social media footage from the sporting event, Kunis was seen wiping away tears from Wyatt’s face as she got emotional after meeting the basketball superstar.

Kutcher and Kunis — who met starring together on the sitcom That ‘70s Show — welcomed Wyatt one year before they tied the knot in July 2015. Their family continued to grow with the birth of Dimitri in November 2016.

Ashton Kutcher Steps Out With Son Dimitri at WWE Monday Night Raw
Ashton Kutcher with son Dimitri. WWE/Getty Images
Both the basketball game and wrestling match marked some of the first public appearances the couple have made with their children after choosing to stay mostly out of the public eye over the years. However, both Kutcher and Kunis have gushed about their family of four in interviews.

“We’re very goofy parents when it comes to our children, but that doesn’t [mean we] have a skill,” Kunis shared on a March 2020 episode of the “Teach Me Something New” podcast. “I think that’s just [us] being idiots. We’re very comfortable with ourselves acting a fool at home, but maybe that comes from the idea of being comfortable in your own body, and in your own skin, and in your mind and not having a fear of making a fool of yourself.”

Kutcher went on to add: “Sometimes try to read our daughter’s books in the characters’ voices, and she’s like, ‘Dad, can you just use your real voice?’ I’ll do Peppa Pig with an English accent. And then [the dad], the whole thing. And she’s like, ‘Dad, just do your regular voice.’”

Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis’ Relationship Timeline orange jacket
Related: Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis' Relationship Timeline
Last year, Kutcher told the “Throwbacks” podcast that “toxic masculinity” impacted his parenting style. “My son, I’m always like, ‘Yeah, let’s go for it.’ Like, yesterday we’re popping wheelies on a bicycle in the driveway or it’s like, ‘See if you can jump down four stairs.’ [With] my daughter I just want to protect her,” he explained in September 2024. “When my son cries, I’m like, ‘All right, what did we learn? Let’s move on.’ But when my daughter cries, my heart is out of my body and I can’t put it back in.”

He continued: “But I also notice the same thing with my wife, like, she’s very strict on our daughter and, like, a gushball with our son. I think we balance each other in that way.”